you
this lecture is the first one about the
text platform in this lecture we are
going to talk about text classroom this
is a very important technique for doing
topic mining and analysis in
particularly in this lecture we're going
to start with some basic questions about
the classroom that is what is text
clustering and why we are interested in
text casting in the following lectures
we're going to talk about how to do text
clustering and how to evaluate
clustering is out so what is text
classroom well clustering actually is a
very general technique for data mining
as you might have known in some other
courses
the idea is to discover natural
structures in the data in other words we
want to group similar objects together
in our case these objects are of course
texture objects for example they can be
documents terms passages sentences or
websites and then our goal is to group a
similar text objects together so let's
see your example well here you don't
really see text by objects but I just
used some shapes to you know the objects
that can be grouped together now if I
ask you you what are some natural
structures or natural groups
well you if you look at it and you might
agree that we can group these objects
based on shapes or their locations on
this two-dimensional space so we got the
three clusters in this case and there
may not be so much disagreement about
these three clusters but it really
depends on the perspective to look at
the objects maybe some of you have also
seen it in a different way so we might
get different clusters and you will see
another example
about this ambiguity more clearly but a
main point here is the problem is
actually not so well defined and the
problem lies in how to define similarity
you know what do you mean by similar
objects now this problem has to be clear
defined in order to have well-defined a
clustering problem and the problem is in
general that any two objects can be seen
that depending on how you look at them
so for example let's look at the two
words like car and horse eye so are the
two words similar well it depends on how
you look at it if you look at the
physical physical properties of car and
holes they are very different but if you
look at the them functionally a car and
horse can both be transportation - so in
that sense they may be similar so as you
can see it really depends on our
perspective to look at the objects and
and so in order to make the clustering
problem well-defined a user must define
the perspective for assessing similarity
and we call this perspective the
clustering bias and when you define a
customer problem it's important to
specify your perspective for similarity
or for defining the similar similarity
that will be used to group similar
objects because otherwise the similarity
is not well-defined and one can have
different ways to to group objects so
let's look at a concrete example here
you are seeing some objects or some
shapes that are very similar to what you
have
on the first slide I and but if I ask
you to group these objects again you
might write you know feel there's more
uncertainty here then on the previous
side for example you might think well we
can still group by ships so that would
give us cluster that looks like this
however you might also feel that well
maybe the objects can be grouped based
on the sizes so that would give us a
different way to cluster the data if we
look at the size and look at the
similarity in size so as you can see
clearly here depending on the
perspective will get different across
marine without so that also clearly
tells us that in order to evaluate the
classroom in doubt we must use a
perspective without the perspective it's
very hard to define what is the best
clustering result so there are many
examples of text classroom setup and for
example we can cluster document in the
heart attacks of collection so in this
case documents are the units to be
clustered we may be able to cluster
terms in this case terms are objects and
a cluster of terms can be used to define
concept or theme or topic in fact the
topic models that we have seen in some
previous lectures can give you cluster
of terms in some sense if you take the
terms with high probabilities from water
distribution along examples go just to
cluster any texture segments for example
passages sentences or any segments that
you can extracted from a larger text
objects for example we might extract all
the text segments about the topic let's
say by using a topic model now once
we've
got those texture objects then we can
cluster the segments that we've got to
discover interesting clusters that my
toes will repeal and the subtopics so
this is a case of combining text
clustering with some other techniques
and in general you will see a lot of
text mining hours and can be actually
combined in a flexible way to achieve
the goal of doing more sophisticated
mining and analysis of text data we can
also cluster fairly large text objects
and by that I just mean text objects may
contain a lot of documents so for
example we might cluster websites each
website is actually composed of multiple
documents similarly we can also cluster
articles written by the same author for
example so we can treat all the articles
published by author as one unit for
clustering in this way we might group
authors together based on whether they
are published papers or similar
furthermore text clusters can also be
further clustered or generate the
hierarchy that that's because we can in
general cluster any text objects at
different levels so more generally why
is text clustering interesting well it's
because it's a very useful technique for
text mining particularly exploratory
text analysis and so a typical scenario
is that you're you're getting a lot of
text data let's say all the email
messages from customers in some time
period or all the literature articles
etc and then you hope to get a sense
about what are the overall content of
the traction so for example you might be
interested in getting a sense about
major topics or what are some typical or
representative documents in the
collection and clustering help us
achieve this goal
we sometimes also want to link similar
texture objects together and these these
objects might be duplicated content for
example and in that case such a
technique can help us remove redundancy
duplicate your documents sometimes they
are about the same topic and by linking
them together we can have more complete
coverage of the topic we may also use
texture clustering to create a structure
on the text data and sometimes we'll
create a hierarchy of structures and
this is very useful for browser we may
also use hex cross going to induce
additional features to represent text
data when we cluster documents together
we can treat each cluster as a feature
and then we can say when a document is
in this cluster and then the future
value would be one and if a document is
not in this cluster then the future
value is zero and this helps provide an
additional discrimination that might be
used for taxable classification as we
will discuss later so there are in
general many applications of text
clustering and I just saw two very
specific ones one is the cluster
searched out for example and manual
search engine can cross the research
results so that user can see overall
structure of those without to return the
for query and when the query is
ambiguous this is particularly useful
because the clusters likely represent
different senses of ambiguous work
another application is to understand the
major complaints from customers based on
their emails right so in this case we
can custom email messages and then find
that the major clusters from there we
can understand them or not major
complaints about
you